Lin Wenli and Yan Family Male, who do you choose?
I'll say it again, I want both
Let go and move again
Kill this
I'll ask the two of them one last time which one do you choose?
If you dare, I won't give up and let go, right?
The two of them go
You two fight
No fight
That dies
It's your biological mother and your master
Let them fight
I sell the video to the password and I can turn it around again.
Liu Hongkang, you are too laborious.
I beat someone and took it down
Don't be good
Then let's take this opportunity
Let me fight well, don't fight
i
No chance
Do you think the two of them
Yes
If you go again, you will be punished
It should be you who should be punished
You still don't know your dear.
Who is the birth girl?
So ridiculous
value
Previous pregnancy
I will tell you the strict identity.
One of these two is your biological daughter.
Guess
Which one will it be?
Hahaha, what does it mean?
Guess if Yan Zhiyuan lied to you?
Guess what?
Two of these are your biological daughters
Hahaha brother, listen to me.
Are you lying to me?
Impossible it can't be my daughter
It's really civilized to keep them both alive
Don't fight anymore
Don't be killed by him
He won't let us go.
Yong always let him go